1. Introduction
The Result Management System is designed to efficiently generate, process, and analyze student marks for a university with 10,000 students. The system utilizes PySpark for distributed data processing and Plotly for visualization. The implementation is optimized to run in Google Colab.

2. Objectives
->Generate student profiles with random names and marks.
->Store student data in JSON format.
->Use PySpark to process and analyze student marks.
->Visualize statistical insights using Plotly.

3. Implementation Details
3.1. Technologies Used
Python: Primary programming language.
PySpark: For distributed data processing.
Faker: For generating random student names.
Plotly: For visualizing the results.
Google Colab: Execution environment.

3.2. Steps in the Implementation
Step 1: Install Required Dependencies
To ensure all necessary libraries are installed, the following command was executed:
!pip install faker findspark pyspark plotly pandas

Step 2: Import Required Libraries
The necessary libraries were imported, including PySpark, Faker, and Plotly.

Step 3: Initialize PySpark
findspark.init()
This step was required to set up PySpark in Google Colab.

Step 4: Generate Student Data
A function was created to generate 10,000 students with unique IDs, names, and marks in six subjects:
Electronics
Programming
Database
Data Science
Mathematics
Data Structures & Algorithms (DSA)
Marks were randomly assigned within a range of 35 to 100.

Step 5: Store Data in JSON Format
Student records were stored in a JSON file:
with open(filename, "w") as f:
    json.dump(data, f)
The file was then made available for download in Colab.

Step 6: Process Data Using PySpark
PySpark was used to load and process the student data. The following aggregations were performed:
Average Marks for each subject.
Maximum and Minimum Marks in Electronics.
Total Student Count.
stats = df.agg(
    mean("Electronics").alias("avg_electronics"),
    mean("Programming").alias("avg_programming"),
    mean("Database").alias("avg_database"),
    mean("Data Science").alias("avg_datascience"),
    mean("Mathematics").alias("avg_mathematics"),
    mean("DSA").alias("avg_dsa"),
    max("Electronics").alias("max_electronics"),
    min("Electronics").alias("min_electronics"),
    count("id").alias("total_students")
)
The resulting dataset was converted to a Pandas DataFrame for visualization.

Step 7: Visualization Using Plotly
The statistics obtained from PySpark were visualized using Plotly bar charts.
fig = px.bar(stats_df, x='Subject', y='Value', title="Subject Statistics", text='Value')
fig.show()

4. Results and Observations
The system successfully generated and processed student data. Key observations included:
The distribution of marks across subjects.
The highest and lowest marks obtained.
The total number of students processed.

5. Conclusion
This Result Management System provides a scalable solution for processing large student datasets efficiently using PySpark in Google Colab. The integration of visualization tools like Plotly further enhances its usability for educators and administrators.

6. Future Enhancements
Implement a database (e.g., MongoDB) for persistent storage.
Introduce additional analytics such as student performance trends.
Enhance visualization with interactive filtering options.
